What’s the last lie you told?
What was the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever done on a date?
Have you ever accidentally hit something (or someone!) with your car?
Name someone you’ve pretended to like but actually couldn’t stand.
What’s your most bizarre nickname?
What’s been your most physically painful experience?
What bridges are you glad that you burned?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done on public transportation?
If you met a genie, what would your three wishes be?
If you could write anyone on Earth in for President of the United States, who would it be and why?
What’s the meanest thing you’ve ever said to someone else?
Who was your worst kiss ever?
What’s one thing you’d do if you knew there no consequences?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done in front of a mirror?
What’s the meanest thing you’ve ever said about someone else?
What’s something you love to do with your friends that you’d never do in front of your partner?
Who are you most jealous of?
What do your favorite pijamas look like?
Have you ever faked sick to get out of a party?
Who’s the oldest person you’ve dated?
How many selfies do you take a day?
Meatloaf says he’d do anything for love, but he won’t do “that.” What’s your “that?”
How many times a week do you wear the same pants?
Would you date your high school crush today?
Do you believe in any superstitions? If so, which ones?
What’s one movie you’re embarrassed to admit you enjoy?
What’s your most embarrassing grooming habit?
When’s the last time you apologized? What for?
Where do most of your embarrassing odors come from?
Have you ever considered cheating on a partner?
Have you ever cheated on a partner?
Boxers or briefs?
Have you ever peed in a pool?
What’s the weirdest place you’ve ever grown hair?
If you were guaranteed to never get caught, who on Earth would you murder?
What’s the cheapest gift you’ve ever gotten for someone else?
What app do you waste the most time on?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve done on a plane?
Have you ever been nude in public?
What is the youngest age partner you’d date?
Have you ever picked your nose in public?
Have you ever lied about your age?
If you had to delete one app from your phone, which one would it be?
What’s your most embarrassing late night purchase?
What’s the longest you’ve gone without showering?
Have you ever used a fake ID?
Which of your family members annoys you the most and why?
What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
What’s the most embarrassing text in your phone right now?
What celebrity do you think is overrated?
Have you ever lied to your boss/teacher?
Have you ever stolen something from work/school?
What’s the longest you’ve gone without brushing your teeth?
What’s your biggest regret in life?
Have you ever regifted a present?
Would you break up with your partner for $1 million?
Have you ever had a crush on a coworker/colleague?
Do you still have feelings for any of your exes?
What’s the smallest tip you’ve ever left at a restaurant?
Have you ever regretted something you did to get a crush or partner’s attention?
What’s one job you could never do?
Have you ever ghosted a friend?
Have you ever ghosted a partner?
What’s the most scandalous photo in your cloud?
If you switched genders for a day, what would you do?
How many photo editing apps do you have on your phone?
How many pairs of granny panties do you own?
When’s the last time you got dumped?
What’s the most childish thing you still do?
When’s the last time you dumped someone?
If you had to pick someone in this room to be your partner on a game show, who would it be and why?
Would you date someone shorter than you?
Have you ever lied for a friend?
Name one thing you’d change about every person in this room.
When’s the last time you made someone else cry?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done in front of a crowd?
If you could become invisible, what’s the worst thing you’d do?
After you’ve dropped a piece of food, what’s the longest time you’ve left it on the floor before eating it?
What’s one thing in your life you wish you could change?
What was the greatest day of your life?
What’s one useless skill you’d love to learn anyway?
If I went through your cabinets, what’s the weirdest thing I’d find?
Have you ever farted and blamed it on someone else?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done at work?
How many people have you kissed?
Have you ever gotten mad at a friend for posting an unflattering picture of you?
What’s your most absurd dealbreaker?
Who in this room would you list as your emergency contact?
What’s something you would die if your mom found out about?
What’s the scariest thing that’s ever happened to you?
If you could set anyone here up with your best friend, who would it be and why?
How often do you wash your sheets?
Have you ever farted in an elevator?
Who was your first love?
What’s the last purchase you regretted?
What’s the weirdest dream you’ve ever had?
If you had one week to live and you had to marry someone in this room, who would it be?
What’s the last movie that made you cry?
List one positive and one negative thing about everyone in the room.
When was your first time?
Who was your first?
What’s the most sinful thing you’ve done in a house of worship?
When’s the last time you cried and why?
Has anyone ever walked in on you in the bathroom?
Who in this group would you want to swap lives with for a week?
What’s your biggest fear today?
What’s the most embarrassing thing your parents have caught you doing?
Name a band you only pretend to like.
What’s the last song that made you cry?
What’s the last thing you Googled?
What is that one thing you would never do for all the money in the world?
Who is your favorite person in your immediate family?
If you could only hear one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
When’s the last time your partner embarrassed you?
What’s the last YouTube video you watched?
When’s the last time you peed your pants?
Who in this room would be your one phone call if you were in jail?
Who do you most often text on the toilet?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever done in a movie theater?
What’s the craziest thing that has happened to you in a mall?
How long was your longest relationship?
What’s your biggest insecurity?
Have you ever been arrested?
Who’s the most surprising person to ever slide into your DMs?
Where’s one place you’re dying to visit?
What word do you hate the most?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever posted on social media?
If you could hire someone to do one thing for you, what would it be?
Have you ever lied on your resume?
What’s the best lie you’ve ever told anyone?
Who’s the last person you lurked on social media?
What’s your most embarrassing childhood memory?
Have you ever pretended to not get a text to get out of doing something?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever done in a bathroom?
Do you have any hidden talents? What are they?
When’s the last time you got caught in a lie?
Have you ever been in a fight?
Would you marry someone rich even if you weren’t in love with them?
Have you ever been caught checking someone out?
What’s the worst advice you’ve ever given someone else?
What’s the worst advice someone else has ever given you?
Would you volunteer as tribute for anyone in this room in The Hunger Games?
Is there an ex with whom you’d consider reconciling?
What’s the weirdest thing you do while driving?
Who’s the last person who called you?
When’s the last time you wanted to hit somebody?
What’s the grossest smell that you secretly enjoy?
What’s the biggest prank you’ve ever played on someone?
What’s one thing about your partner that you find least attractive?
When was the last time you were really angry? Why?
What’s your least favorite memory from college?
What’s the grossest thing that you do alone?
Have you ever intentionally sabotaged a coworker?
What’s your favorite guilty pleasure song?
Would you ever get plastic surgery?
Have you ever had a near-death experience?
What’s a skill you wish you had?
Have you ever compromised your morals for money? How?
Who was the last person you said, “I love you” to?
What was your first heartbreak?
Have you ever broken someone’s heart?
Have you ever peed in the shower?
When and where was your first kiss? Who was it with?
Do you think cheating can ever be justified? How?
Have you ever thrown up in public?
When’s the last time you got rejected?
What’s the most common misconception about you?
Have you ever seriously injured another person?
When did you stop believing in Santa Claus?
What’s one responsibility you wish you didn’t have?
Who is the best kisser you’ve ever had?
What’s the scariest thing you’ve ever done?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
Have you ever gotten blackout drunk?
Do you believe in aliens?
What’s the pettiest thing you’ve ever done?
What’s something you’ve done that you still feel guilty about?
What is the worst date you’ve ever been on?
Do you secretly dislike any of your friends’ kids?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever collected?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever said to a stranger?
Who in this room do you trust the least?
What’s the most inappropriate time you’ve ever laughed?
What’s your best pickup line?
What’s the weirdest place you’ve ever given or gotten someone’s number?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve ever lied about?
Have you ever said, “I love you” and not really meant it? To whom?
What’s your least favorite memory from high school?
What’s the worst present someone has ever given you?
When’s the last time you shared a toothbrush with someone else?
Have you ever had a crush on a boss or teacher?
What’s the worst present you’ve ever given someone else?
What’s the weirdest thought you’ve had sitting on a toilet?
What song do you sing most in the shower?
What’s the cruelest thing you’ve ever done or said to a romantic partner?
Who’s the person you most regret hooking up with?
What’s something you’re embarrassed that you’re good at?
What was your most humbling moment?
Who would you bring with you on a deserted island?
What’s the worst decision one of the other players has ever made?
Have you ever let someone take the blame for something you did?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you have an emotional attachment to?
What’s something you’ve done that you’d judge someone else for doing?
What’s something weird you do in your sleep?
How long have you had your oldest pair of underwear?
Who’s your hero?
What’s something you know you need to do but aren’t looking forward to at all?
What’s the biggest secret you’ve kept from your parents?
What’s the most offensive joke you’ve found funny?
What are you most proud of in your life?
When’s the last time you lurked an ex on social media?
If you were rescuing people from a burning building and you had to leave one person behind from this room, who would it be?
If you could be invisible, what’s the first thing you would do?
What’s a secret you kept from your parents?
What’s the most embarrassing music you listen to?
What’s one thing you wish you could change about yourself?
Who is your secret crush?
Who is the last person you creeped on social media?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
If a genie granted you three wishes, what would you ask for?
What’s your biggest regret?
Where is the weirdest place you've ever gone to the bathroom?
What’s the most food you've ever eaten in a single sitting?
Which player would survive a zombie apocalypse and which would be the first to go?
What excuse have you used before to get out plans?
What's the longest you've ever slept?
When was the last time you lied?
What five things would you bring to a deserted island?
What's the most embarrassing thing you ever did on a date?
What is the craziest pickup line you've ever used?
What is one thing you would stand in line an hour for?
When was the last time you cried?
What's the longest time you've ever gone without showering?
What's the most embarrassing top-played song on your phone?
What was your favorite childhood show?
If you had to change your name, what would your new first name be?
If you could be a fictional character for a day, who would you choose?
What's your biggest fear?
What's one silly thing you can't live without?
What is the weirdest trend you've ever participated in?
If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
What person do you text the most?
What’s an instant deal breaker in a potential love interest?
If you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
What is the biggest lie you ever told your parents?
What's the worst physical pain you've ever experienced?
Which player knows you the best?
What's your favorite part of your body?
If you could only accomplish three things in life, what would they be?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
Who was your first celebrity crush?
What's the strangest dream you've ever had?
What are the top three things you look for in a love interest?
What is your worst habit?
How many stuffed animals do you own?
What is your biggest insecurity?
What's the one thing you’d do if you knew there’d be zero consequences?
When’s the last time you said you were sorry? For what?
Do you pee in the shower?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve secretly done to get a crush’s attention?
What’s the most random thing in your bag right now?
What gross smell do you actually enjoy?
Who was the last person you said “I love you” to?
If you were handed $1,000 right now, what would you spend it on?
Have you ever cheated on an exam?
What unexpected part of the body do you find attractive?
What’s the most awkward thing you’ve ever been caught doing?
Have you ever flirted with a close friend’s sibling?
What was your first concert?
If you had the choice to never have to sleep again, would you take it?
If you had to get a tattoo today, what would it be?
Even if you’d be paid $1 million for it, what’s something you would never do?
If you could travel to the past and meet one person, who would it be?
What popular music artist do you secretly hate?
Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
Name your go-to karaoke song.
What’s the most adventurous thing you’ve ever done?
When have you been in the most trouble in school?
If you had to always be overdressed or underdressed, which would you choose?
Who would you cast as you in the movie version of your life?
What’s the luckiest thing that’s ever happened to you?
Do you have any phobias?
Have you ever had your fortune told?
If you had to move to a different country tomorrow, where would you go?
What do you want to be remembered for most in life?
Do you believe in soul mates?
Have you ever re-gifted a present?
What’s something you only do when you’re alone?
What movie (or franchise) are you most embarrassed to love?
Have you ever had an imaginary friend? Describe them.
What gross food combo do you secretly love?
If you could become besties with a celebrity, who would it be?
What’s the most embarrassing nickname you’ve ever been given?
If you could trade lives with any person you know for a day, who would it be?
Have you ever eaten food from the floor?
Have you ever eaten or been tempted to eat your dog’s treats?
Have you ever picked your nose and eaten it?
Have you ever promised to quit beer/smoking/cake/chocolate etc., but then broke the promise within an hour of making it?
Have you ever used an inappropriate word in front of your parents?
How many days have you ever gone without taking a shower?
What is one thing that gets you hot and bothered every time?
What is that one thing you would never do even if someone offered you all of the money in the world?
What is the most stupid thing you’ve done in front of a crowd?
What was the most disgusting joke ever played with someone?
What’s something stupid you’ve done that you’re most proud of?
What’s the best thing you wanted to become but now consider the worst thing ever?
Which celebrity do you think is overrated and why?
Who here are you most jealous of?
What is your biggest regret?
What are you most self-conscious about?
What is the biggest lie you have ever told?
What is the strangest thing you have ever bought?
Have you ever lied on your resume to get a job?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is your favorite thing to do with your leisure time?
If you could choose a different career, what would it be and why?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
If you were given a million dollars, what would you do with it?
What makes you the happiest?
If you were invisible what is something you would do?
Is there any movie that always makes you cry?